♪
(groaning)
Tank, stop shaking the bridge!
Everyone's gonna fall!
Will ya stop
sayin' that, Nervin?
Just keep walkin', okay?
Easy for you to say!
This bridge breaks,
I'm the first one down.
We gotta get across,
it's the only place
in the Satellite
we'll be safe.
Even Sector Security
won't come out here.
Just great.
We're going somewhere worse
than that rat-infested bunker
you call a hangout.
Look, the bridge!
It's beautiful!
Yeah, if you like
scrap metal.
All that thing's good for
is broken promises
and lost dreams.
They say one day
it'll connect
the Satellite
with New Domino City.
After that,
everything'll be better!
Let's just hope
that dream of yours
doesn't turn
into a nightmare.
♪
♪ Going fast
makes me feel alive ♪
♪ My heart beats
in hyper drive ♪
♪ Do you think you can win ♪
♪ Only if I lose ♪
♪ Just let destiny choose ♪
♪ I can hear you breathin' ♪
♪ I can see you comin' ♪
♪ I can feel the wind ♪
♪ It's blowing me around ♪
♪ Take a shot at me
runnin' side by side ♪
♪ It's a blur
as I go by ♪
♪ I can hear you breathin' ♪
♪ I can see you comin' ♪
♪ I can feel the wind ♪
♪ It's blowing me around ♪
♪ See the sun arising ♪
♪ Fire in the sky ♪
♪ Greatness thrusts itself
into our lives ♪
♪
We were supposed
to meet Yusei here.
Do you think something
happened to him?
I'm sure he's fine.
Let's just wait.
I hate waitin', ugh!
What if he's caught?
And what if we never
see him again?
Quiet!
What, are you tryin'
to jinx us or somethin'?
Ah.
Hey look!
They're here!
♪
-Hey, Yusei!
-Crow's back!
Yay, more cards!
Yeah, yeah!
Hey, me first, me first!
(shouting)
I need some new spell cards!
What are you talkin' about?
You kids want
more of my cards?
Look at me.
You see a beard and red hat?
I'm not Santa Claus.
-Come on, please, Crow?
-Hold on, hold on.
Well I don't have cards,
but I brought
something even better.
May I present Yusei,
the new turbo-duel champion!
-I want an autograph!
-Huh?
I saw your duel,
I watched it ten times!
Oh, man, this is,
like, so cool!
It's Yusei!
Hey, try and be careful
with the poor guy.
He's not some kind of
stuffed animal, ya know.
Where'd all those
kids come from?
Look at 'em!
It's like they'd never
seen a dueler before.
I mean, it's just Yusei.
Ugh, come on!
But maybe, um, if I got
his autograph, then,
I'd sell it online
and get rich!
(grunting)
So what you're telling us
is that these Dark Signers
want to destroy
the Satellite Sector?
That's right, Nervin.
I saw a vision of it
when I was dueling Jack
in the tournament.
If it's true,
what do we do?
I know, we go home, pack up,
and then use that pipeline
to get out of here.
Sounds good to me.
If these Dark Signers
are here, we should
all go over there.
I'm good with a deck,
but once the
shuffling part's done,
it's all downhill
after that.
I know you're scared,
Nervin, and so am I.
But this mark has made
me a part of this war,
and if I don't fight
the Dark Signers,
then there's no
hope for anyone.
You know I'm with you,
a Crow never backs
away from a fight.
And I got my nest to protect.
But they hurt your bike,
just say the word, pal,
and they're gone!
Seriously, I mean it.
That's not true.
You'll always protect us.
Can you tell us a
good-night story, Crow?
How about a scary one?
But you're afraid
of the dark,
and you always run off
before he gets to finish it!
How about I tell the one
about the bridge to nowhere?
Tell it!
(clearing throat)
Well...okay.
A long time ago there
was a special place.
An island in the
middle of the ocean.
But the people were very
sad because they were poor
and had to work
all the time.
Next to them was
another island,
where the people
were rich and happy,
and never had to work.
Get to the part
with the bridge,
this bit is so boring!
Oh, and don't forget,
you gotta do it with voices!
Ugh, there are no voices!
Hey, I didn't ask for
the running commentary.
Be quiet!
I'll get to all
that soon enough.
I can tell it,
and with the voices.
(grunting)
I'm telling it,
without voices!
Okay, so there's the
Satellite and the City,
two isolated islands.
But one day, a man
had a great idea.
He wanted freedom.
He wanted to connect
the two islands,
so people could
choose where to live.
And that's when
the trouble began.
♪
The story takes
place long ago,
when a stranger arrived
in the Satellite.
No one knew who he was
or where he was from.
He never spoke, and spent
nearly all his time
staring across
at the City,
gazing and dreaming.
Dreaming?
Dreaming of what?
Of what no one else dared,
making a difference.
One day, with no
fanfare and no help,
he began to build a bridge.
He was determined
to join the Satellite
and New Domino City.
He was determined
to give people hope.
Hold on, one guy's gonna build
a whole bridge by himself?
It's impossible,
this story's for kids!
And that's what
they all believed.
They said what he was
doing was impossible.
But, through it all,
he kept working.
People came from all
over the Satellite
to look and to laugh, but
the stranger kept building.
And then, a funny
thing happened.
People started to believe.
Before they had no hope,
they had no life,
except their work.
They thought even
if the bridge was
an impossible dream,
it was still a dream.
A handful of volunteers
became a dozen,
a dozen, a hundred.
And soon, it looked
like the bridge
might actually be built.
But not everyone was
happy with that idea.
The people of the City,
the people of power,
liked the way things were.
They didn't want
to give the people
of the Satellite
their freedom.
They threatened to send
everyone to the Facility
if they were
found working on it.
Many were arrested,
but most simply gave up,
their dreams fading
away like the hope
for a future with freedom.
That's not right!
Build the bridge!
Let him finish!
I'm just sayin'!
It's not fair they did that!
Well, yeah.
But whoever said
that life was fair?
Finish the story!
Oh, right.
So, security had other
plans for the stranger.
He tried to outrun them
as long as he could,
but he knew in the end that
they'd finally catch him.
He was surrounded.
No way out.
Escape was impossible!
He knew he'd spend the rest
of his life in the Facility,
never to see his
bridge completed.
But once again,
the stranger proved
that nothing is impossible.
There was only
one road to freedom,
a path he built himself,
a bridge that
united his people
and a life that
became a legend.
♪
He proved that just because
you've been held down
all your life,
that doesn't mean
your spirit can't
soar through the sky.
♪
No one ever saw him again.
Duel runners were ruled
illegal in the Satellite.
And to this day, the bridge
remains unfinished.
♪
Someone must know
where he is!
Who can just fly
away into thin air?
I don't know, Rally.
He did what he meant
to do, he gave us hope.
Ohh.
But, if you wanna find him...
Just look in your heart!
(laughing)
I love that story.
Though I wish he was able
to finish that bridge.
Someday.
Until then we got
campfires and ghost stories.
I just noticed,
your duel runner has
a pair of wings, too.
Oh, well, of course.
I'm the Stranger.
-You are?
-Just kidding.
Okay, time for bed,
the adults need to talk.
Like me.
But he's not even grown up.
He's still in diapers!
Hey!
(giggling)
I got a good
bedtime story, too.
It's about the
Loch Ness Monster.
He and Bigfoot decide
to build a duel arena.
The Stranger!
-Pfft.
-Hmph.
That bridge is a joke.
If anyone wants to
connect the Satellite,
it'll take more than dreams.
♪
Maybe so.
It doesn't mean I can't try.
Huh?
It's late.
We should get to bed, too.
Yeah, good night!
And sleep tight!
See ya in the mornin'!
But that's only
if the Dark Signers
don't sneak up on us first.
Sweet dreams!
Good night, Tank.
We've got a breaking story.
We're going live
to South America,
where the ancient phenomenon
known as the Nazca Lines
are vanishing from Earth
with no known explanation.
Here are two eyewitnesses.
This thing was,
like, totally far out.
We're in the plane
and we're all like,
"Whoa, cool spider dude!"
And then things
get all freaky-deeky!
It was like one of those
laser light shows where
the music's all
like, bow-weoh--
Totally, and I'm like,
"Did I forget my
coffee this morning?
'Cause I am spacin'!"
And then, poof!
The groovy spider is gone!
Like, forever!
(wailing)
Officials on the scene
have verified their story.
We ask, "Why?"
These lines date
back 5,000 years.
What powerful force
could make them--
The Dark Signers
have been busy.
Soon all the marks
will vanish
and the army of shadows
will be free again.
And if that should happen,
I only hope we have
the power to stop them.
We're now getting another
report from South America.
We're cutting live
to our field reporter.
Just like this video
of the spider,
another creature,
a hummingbird,
appears to have
disappeared.
I'm also receiving
word from the locals
that the symbol of a giant
has vanished, as well.
That spider.
We've seen it before!
It was on Trudge's arm
when we dueled him!
And it disappeared
when he lost.
♪
Hmm.
It's Yusei.
He's in the Satellite.
Near the bridge.
If we can beat him,
our power will be all
but unstoppable in the war.
I will find him
and challenge him
to a shadow duel.
No.
This Satellite's mine.
I have a debt to collect.
Hm.
Happy hunting, Kalin.
(audible sigh)
♪
(snoring)
Little late for a joyride,
isn't it, Yusei?
So what?
So, if you're planning on
dueling, I'm coming, too.
It's too dangerous out there.
Just go back to bed.
This is my battle.
Huh?
Just try and stop me.
I've already put enough
people in danger, Crow.
Huh?
Hold on!
Who's gonna watch your back
against these
Dark Signers, huh?
Crow, this isn't
just another duel.
You face them,
you play for keeps,
and I'm not talkin'
about your deck.
They put up some
kind of force field
when they challenge you,
and no one leaves
till the duel's over.
All the battle
damage is real.
Even if you manage to win,
you're still talkin'
about a world of hurt.
And if you lose?
Well, I don't even
wanna think about that.
So, tell me...
That sound like fun to you?
Ooh boy.
Well, you sure
haven't lightened up,
but you're not the only one
with somethin'
to lose here, Yusei.
All those kids.
If you lose then we all do.
So count me in!
There's no going back.
You sure about this?
Hm.
♪
Well, in that
case, let's go.
Ha!
All right, but
you gotta leave
some of those
Dark Signers for me.
Now where we goin'?
I'm not goin' there!
(whooshing)
The Old Reactor?
What do you think
you'll find there, tetanus?
Funny.
But I think Goodwin
was pointing me toward it.
Never trust a guy
with a ponytail, Yusei.
But, if you say so.
Try and keep up!
Wake up, Yusei's gone!
Looks like Crow
took off, too.
What if the Dark
Signers got 'em?
Ya think?
Don't know.
Yusei's gone!
You stay here in
case they come back
while we're lookin', okay?
Let's split up, we'll cover
more ground that way.
Okay!
Did they say
Crow's missing, too?
Is he gonna be all right?
Don't worry about him.
Crow knows the
streets blindfolded.
♪
Look at this fog!
It's like I'm drivin'
with a blindfold.
♪
Yusei, welcome back.
Huh?
♪
Ah, please tell me
I'm seein' things!
(audible sigh)
Sorry, even your dragon
can't save you now!
Welcome to the real
world of dueling!
♪
(trilling)
What's happening?
♪
(snoring)
Turn off the night light.
(screaming)
Your arm's glowing, sis!
It's Yusei, he's in trouble!
Ohh.
♪
My sign.
It's warning me.
I can feel Yusei.
The vision we saw
must be true!
Dark times are coming.
Good thing this girl
has a deck that's ready.
(trilling)
Yusei, what mess have you
gotten yourself into now?
(phone ringing)
Hmm?
Huh?
Hold on, I'm coming.
Do you know it's
past midnight?
I know Jack's there,
put him on.
Who is this, and
what do you want?
I'm sure you've noticed
your mark by now, Jack.
There's a shadow duel
about to happen
between Yusei
and a Dark Signer.
I'm waiting outside.
Outside?
♪
(gasping)
Um, why is there a
helicopter out there?
Jack, we can't
waste any more time.
♪
Okay, someone tell me
what's happening, now!
It's Yusei, he's about
to duel a Dark Signer.
Didn't Trudge say his
master was a Dark Signer?
Do you think that whoever's
dueling Yusei right now
is the same person who
was controlling Trudge?
No, my mark's telling
me it's someone else.
-Your mark?
-Don't bother, Jack,
she'll never understand.
We're dealing with the
end of the world, okay?
Well, glad I'm here.
If it weren't for me,
Jack would be some
spider-monster by this time.
-I saved him!
-Jack saved himself!
Anyway, what makes you
think that you're so special?
Well, you see,
Jack and I are BFFs.
I guess you could
say that we're like
a dueling tag team.
"Tag team"?
That's ridiculous!
Ooh, jealous.
Please, Jack, tell this fan
that the champ doesn't
need anyone's help.
I'm not the champ,
don't you remember?
I'm sorry,
I just forgot, Jack.
Ha ha!
That shows her!
Wait a second.
Jack still must feel
terrible about losing.
I know what'll
make him feel better.
You know what
I've been hearing,
that Yusei's not
the champ either.
-Hmm?
-Yeah,
he just used some
Satellite mind trick to win,
in fact, in my eyes
you're still the undefeated
and undisputed champion.
Hee!
And besides, who
wants a stinky old
-Satellite champion anyway?
-Yeah, you're right,
if you're from the Satellite
you shouldn't be champion!
Hee, I knew it would work.
I was born there, ya know.
As far as Yusei's
concerned...
He was born right here
in New Domino City!
♪
So, do you want
to know the truth
about where Yusei's from?
Of course I wanna
know the truth, Jack.
Well, here it is.
Yusei wasn't some orphan
of the Satellite slums
like everyone thinks.
He was born in
the skyscrapers
of New Domino City.
His parents
were the brains
behind the first
Ener-D Reactor.
This is incredible.
No one knows.
What a scoop!
Wait a minute.
If Yusei was born
with a silver spoon,
how did he end up in
the Satellite Sector?
Ooh, did he do something bad?
It wasn't anything he did,
it was his parents.
Hold on, Jack.
That story's classified.
Aw, come on.
I mean, I won't tell anyone.
My editor won't even
talk to me anymore.
Carly's right.
I'm tired of telling
all these lies.
I won't do it!
So, you know the earthquake,
the one that tore
this city apart?
Everyone knows that story.
In fact, that's how
the Satellite got formed.
But that story is just a lie,
there was no earthquake.
(yelling)
This is so huge!
So, tell me,
what happened?
Big conspiracy
or black hole?
I guess a little of both.
When the original
Ener-D Reactor was turned on,
it produced some sort
of negative energy.
Everything near
it was destroyed.
New Domino City split in two,
and half was left to
rot away, the Satellite.
It was so much easier
to blame all the damage
on an earthquake and tsunami.
And that's the truth.
If people knew what
really happened,
that the City
was responsible...
Riots, chaos, and
anarchy would ensue.
Yusei's parents weren't
seen or heard from again.
So, when he was just a baby,
he was shipped off.
He ended up in
the Satellite Sector,
in an orphanage.
And that's the Yusei I know.
Oh, and now if
you'll excuse me,
I have to call my editor!
Hmph, go ahead!
I'll be sure to visit
you in the Facility
when they lock you up
and toss the key.
Yeah, the people who are
keeping this a secret, Carly,
have more power than
you could ever imagine.
It would be a tragedy
if they sent you away,
I'd feel just so terrible.
(laughing)
Okay, no story!
And another world exclusive
scoop goes down the drain.
♪
Perfect.
(trilling)
♪
The light's gone,
is that good or bad?
Well in my experience,
anything that
looks bad is bad!
Oh, great!
Oh!
Are you okay, Crow?
Huh!
Yeah, sure.
♪
Crow, I know that card!
-Yusei.
-Huh?
And his bird-brained friend!
(laughing)
You don't know how long I've
been waiting for this moment.
It's a shame it'll
be over so quickly.
Ha!
So, how do you
know our names?
Heh, I never forgot,
old friend.
♪
(gasping)
Kalin Kessler?
Is that really you?
We thought when you left
the Satellite it was forever!
It was, but thanks to you
and that mark of yours,
Kalin is back!
And while I was away,
I made some new friends.
I believe you already
dueled one of my associates.
Kalin, please!
You have to stop
what you're planning
to do to the Satellite!
You were once our friend!
Once your friend,
yes, but now...
your enemy!
♪
Ah!
(grunting)
♪
After what you did to me,
this is sweet justice,
dear old friend.
You destroyed my life.
So I'll destroy your home!
The Satellite will burn!
Not good.
Huh?
What is this?
♪
-Huh?
-Hm.
Head for those lights.
We've found Yusei.
♪
Now get ready for
the duel of your life!
(laughing)
♪